TME
Rowan Wood

TME is a game where you speed up time. Inspired heavily by derivative clickers like Antimatter Dimensions, instead of levels directly producing each other, the levels are different units of time. For example, after 60 seconds pass in game, you get 1 minute. If you upgrade your minutes to get 2 minutes per minute, that means that after 60 seconds you will get 2 minutes. But wait, if you make it so you get 60 seconds per second, that means that you will get a minute per second and if you get 2 minutes per minute then you get 2 minutes per second. Voila, a quasi-derivative clicker. 

My first attempt involved a lot more content before prestiges (such as day/week hands, converting time into space, and multiple clocks) but then I became intrigued with the idea of the metagame of prestiging becoming more and more of the game as time goes on. Eventually the clock doesn't even matter (even though you are still upgrading seconds, minutes, and hours), and you're just trying to figure out which prestiges you should get and when.

The math behind the game is your standard exponential increase with a slightly higher than average coefficient. This scaffolding was very important, considering that 4 of the 5 purchases in the game are editing physical attributes. The first prestige having a physical limit of not being able to refresh faster than 10 milliseconds puts a hard cap on that progression. I also realized too late (due to incorrectly reading my excel model) that this prestige actually increases the player's modifier exponentially, making later prestiges worth much more than early ones. After realizing this too late, I embraced it and thought that it could make the decision of buying prestiges more interesting.

For my second prestige, I decided to go with the unorthodox idea of actually having the increase rate of the price of generators go down as the game passes, so that the player can buy more before hitting the vertical of the exponential curve. Having a mechanic that lets you combat the cursed exponential curve of idle games is almost cathartic, I've found.

A flaw in the game is that I didn't account for the player actively clicking a large amount in my models (even though it happened in playtests), meaning that for a long time it was overpowered, giving a poor player experience. I couldn't find an elegant solution mathematically for the price of increasing the power of clicking, so I decided to make the clicking phase out numerically as the game went on so that the player is more incentivized to actually idle as opposed to spend their time clicking.

Overall, I think the game achieves what I want it to do. I will probably spend a little more time working on a third type of prestige (I just can't figure out what would work best right now), so that I can make the game do something special when the player gets to the number of seconds since the start of the universe. Also, adding more polish in the form of achievements or flavor text would really solidify the experience. I also was happy to use this project as a means of learning HTML and Javascript for the first time. I'm excited to see where the project will go in the future.
